hey y'all welcome alpha timing at the
University of Tennessee we're gonna take
you on a tour of our beautiful home so
come on into the grand foyer and let's
get started this is our informal living
room it's a great space for sisters to
hang out watch TV together have movie
night do studies with satellite TV and
the sound system for music that covers
the entire main floor of the house
sisters never run out of things to do
while in this room sisters also get to
admire our large trophy display and the
current shopper composite now let's head
over to the formal living room just
across the foyer from this room sisters
relax by the fireplaces study in a more
quiet setting sisters can also play the
grand piano and flute together this room
is also used for sponsored meetings and
as a comfortable place for alumni sleep
the formal living room is special to our
sisterhood because it has beautiful
features that are unique to Alpha Chi
Omega such as a lyre pumping to the
mantel of the fireplace
and a beautiful custom-made piece of
modern art featuring our flowers the red
carnation so now let's head over to the
best and busiest room of the entire
house this is the chapter room where
literally everything happens this is
where we eat all of our meals together
which are cooked by our personal health
chef and meets our weekly chapter
meetings there's also a great space for
things like lip sync practice crafting
or even a spontaneous Zumba class as the
only house on campus with a grand prix
story chapter and we are so lucky to
have such a diverse space or we can do
so many things to help build our
sisterhood the chapter room also leads
out into our large back patio which
provides a place for sisters to eat and
spend time together outdoors but that's
pretty much it for the main floor of the
house so we're gonna head up to the
second floor we'll meet you up there
welcome to the second floor 20 of our
sisters live on this floor in 10
bedrooms and Sharaf spacious community
bathroom this is the floor with our
laundry room where sisters can do their
laundry for free it also has the study
room which serves as a place for sisters
to study and acquire a group environment
to crafts and is also where the
executive
it also has a good sense of study files
which consisted sisters old notes test
papers textbooks
another study material to help our
system succeed in their topic now let's
head up to the third floor welcome to
the third floor where thirty two of our
sisters live including myself and three
other executive board members who live
in the executive suite with our own
bathroom while everyone else there's a
huge community bathroom this community
bathroom has five showers so no one ever
has to wait sisters get ready for class
mixers date parties and just going out
together while in here listening to
music on an iPhone now we're going to
show you one of the bedrooms that our
sisters live in each room can be
decorated however the sisters living in
it please house two beds that are either
bunked or separate two desks and lots of
room for clothes living in the house you
gain access to 51 closets other than
your own to your wardrobe expands
considerably sister's love to share and
that about wraps up our tour so we'll
meet you guys downstairs in a second we
hope you enjoyed this tour of our
gorgeous home and that you'll come back
thanks for visiting outside omega the
university of tennessee
you